WIP: OS: allow set NTP (#252)
home-assistant/hassos: Documentation/configuration.md

modules/
udev/
authorized_keys
timesyncd.conf
hassos-xy.raucb
```

- The `network` folder can contain any kind of NetworkManager connection files. For more information see [Network][network.md]. 
- The `modules` folder is for modules-load configuration files.
- The `udev` folder is for udev rules files.
- The `authorized_keys` file activates debug SSH access on port `22222`. See [Debugging Hassio][debug-hassio].

> - The `timesyncd.conf` file allow you to set deferent NTP servers. You can't boot without correct working time servers!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `timesyncd.conf` file allow you to set different NTP servers. HassOS won't boot without correct working time servers!
```
